Welcome to the city of Machi Koro, the Japanese card game that is sweeping
the world. You’ve just been elected Mayor. Congratulations! Unfortunately,
the citizens have some pretty big demands: jobs, a theme park, a couple of
cheese factories, and maybe even a radio tower. A tough proposition since
the city currently consists of a wheat field, a bakery, and a single die.
Armed only with your trusty die and a dream, you must grow Machi Koro into
the largest city in the region. You will need to collect income from
developments, build public works, and steal from your neighbors’ coffers.
Just make sure they aren’t doing the same to you! Machi Koro is a fast-
paced, lighthearted game for you and up to 3 friends. Once you’ve had a
taste of Machi Koro, this infectiously fun game may have you wondering if
the dinner table ever served another purpose other than gaming. They say
you can’t build Rome in a day, but Machi Koro will be built in less than
30 minutes!

Goal
The player to construct all four of their Landmarks first wins the game!
Game Components
108 Cards(84 Supply Establishments, 8 Starting Establishments, 16 Landmarks)
72 Coins(worth 210)
2 Dice
Game Flow
Players take turns in clockwise order.
A turn consists of the following three phases:
* Roll Dice
* Earn Income
* Construction
Earn Income
Players earn income based on the dice roll and the effects of the
Establishments that they own that match the dice roll.

Types of income
Blue: Primary Industry
Get income from the bank, during anyone’s turn.
Red: Restaurants
Take coins from the person who rolled the dice.
Green: Secondary Industry
Get income from the bank, during your turn only.
Purple: Major Establishments
Get income from all other players, but during your turn only.

Order of activation
It is possible that multiple types of Establishments are activated by the
same die roll, in this case the Establishments are activated in the
following order:
1. Restaurants (Red)
2. Secondary Industry (Green) and Primary Industry (Blue)
3. Major Establishments (Purple)
If a player owns multiple copies of a single Establishment, the effects are
multiplied by the number of Establishments of that type owned. Players may
not construct more than one of each of the purple Establishments in their town.
A player may construct as many unique cards as they choose, but may never
construct a second of the same purple card. If a player owes another player
money and cannot afford to pay it, they pay what they can and the rest is
exempted (a player’s coin total can never go below zero), the receiving player
is not compensated for the lost income. If payment is owed to multiple players
at the same time, payment is processed in reverse player order (counter clockwise).

Building New Establishments and Completing Landmarks
To conclude a player’s turn, he or she may pay to construct one single
Establishment OR pay to finish construction on a single Landmark by paying
the cost shown on the lower left-hand corner of the card. Once constructed,
an Establishment is taken from the supply and added to the player’s play
area.
